hello to all and welcome
at e3 in los angeles for one of
last time
we are happy to tell you that we are coming
to find the car that will us
take to the airport to get in
France but we will especially enjoy it
to speak of force to motor sport 6 the
latest version of the simulation of
motor racing that honors the
xbox one
we could almost say if they forced
a little bit the trait that this is the
first simulation next gen time he
we thought there was a jump
graphic in terms of quality between the
5 and this one the cars are over
realistic wolves also on the slopes
this tobacconist decorates everything
the environment in fact and smooth puree
and seems more responsive when we hit
dvno they will valdinguer stole a little
further
finally really stopped there was a little
jump there was a noticeable jump between
it was this episode this new episode and
the previous one we also had a big
pleasure to discover three circuits a
night circuit a two-day circuit and
a circuit in the rain and it is
important to note that there is a real
true driving difference
so obviously depending on
cars but also according to
weather conditions
for example the puddles will tend
to provoke aquaplaning when they
are a bit too important and it's
to say we are going to lose the
control of his vehicle in a bend
or even sometimes in a straight line or
in any case to lose a little bit of
wandering speed and all that can
change the way you have to react
so as not to lose his place so as not to
simply lose the race and
finish in the side of the gravel
there is also to one thing that is enough
interesting is that there are new
circuits that are rather rather
really nice technique to practice
obviously it will take them
wait for the the already the gamescom in August
and then we follow the paris games week for
what more people can do
to make an opinion on more new and
more content but one thing is sure
is that this edition will be released in
end of the year is rather a very good
vintage a very good a very good vintage and that
fans of the series and those who
are looking for a car simulation that
can take beginners by the hand
and give satisfaction to the experts so
these people will find their happiness
with forza motorsport 6